Yanshao
The surveillance video is fixed
I fuck you shoot
Brother Chuan
This
This video is fake.
She made it.
She is lying to you.
I won't do it
Brother Chuan
You trust me.
kneel down
thin
Give me a break.
It's all him
This vicious woman
For what? Your image?
I don't want to do it
Sin
Baijianing
I didn't expect you to be like this
Vicious Woman
Brother Chuan
You trust me.
I am innocent.
I wouldn't do it like this.
Yes she is lying to you
Brother Chuan
You trust me.
I won't lie to you.
Brother Chuan
roll
As if I were blinded by you
Blind
Brother Chuan Brother Chuan
Fu Tingchuan finally saw it clearly
What about Bai Jianing's true colors?
The original owner is dead
Host, don't be sad.
crying
Lend me a hug
Just a moment
Bad host
The aphrodisiac effect on you
It's about to happen.
I want to go home.
Will you drive me home?